GolfPro is a website which main purpose is to feed your typical golf specialist with a bunch of information that the user can query the way they want. The team took on the challenge to create a website that rests on a couple of linked tables’ altogether. Sport spreadsheets can be found across the web. They are organized by events, take the form of a ranking system (from 1 to X) and display numerous stats related to the sport in question. If all the events described above were to be found in a single web-page, then this would ease the end-user’s quality of life when it comes to gaining information about their favourite sport. 
	The team started looking for interesting tables to put together. Golf has numerous splendid websites out there, related to a specific event or a time of the year. The goal was now to look through each to get the most relevant data. Once this has been setup, the first task was to display those tables, in a rough draft, in our website to get a feel out of it. Rails “magic” operates and tables are displayed; the team now has to focus on the design. We wanted to focus on a simple, non-eye-catching background, as we believe the site to make more sense with a humble design. Bootstrap was a challenge to get our head into but turned out pretty successfully. The mobile design came at a later stage, alongside the different deployment to Heroku that were done as regularly as possible, as it was recommended in the Hartl book.
	After those processes came development specificity issued from the assessment. Implementing google maps API created the need for a new set of table, a tournament section, where one can observe the different upcoming tournament and locate them in a map. This gave our application extra dimension. Graphs have been implemented when seeking more information about a specific table. If a player appears in our different tables, a graph of the average of his points given a year would be displayed. This curve is the reason why certain users would prefer our website compared to others, as their tables are linked with a different logic than ours.
	
	
	
Heroku URL

Maxmilian Lietz -
Matthieu Faustin
